mi6 operative james bond gains promotion
to oh
agent status by assassinating two
targets traitorous section
chief dryden at the british embassy in
prague and his contact
fisher in uganda the mysterious mr white
introduces stephen obano
a high-ranking member of the lord's
resistance army
to achiever an albanian private banker
to terrorists
obama entrusts lichifer with a large sum
of money to invest
lucha for subsequently buys put options
on aerospace manufacturers skyflate
betting on the company's failure given
his insider knowledge of a terrorist
attack
in madagascar bond pursues bomb maker
malacca to an embassy
killing him and blowing up the building
in london
mi6 chief am admonishes bond for causing
an international incident and
ignoring her orders to capture malacca
alive
clues point to corrupt greek official
alex dimitrios
whom bond finds in the bahamas after
winning his 1964 aston martin db5 in a
poker game and seducing his wife solange
bond pursues dimitrios to miami and
kills him
bond then thwarts the destruction of sky
fleets prototype airliner
to recoup his clients lost money la
chaffer organizes a high-stakes texas
hold m tournament at the casino royale
in montenegro
mi6 enters bond in the tournament
believing a defeat will force lichifer
to seek asylum with the british
government in exchange for information
on his clients bond is paired with
vesper lind
a british treasury agent protecting the
10 million dollars by n
during their train ride they assess and
make insightful guesses about each other
in montenegro they meet their contact
rene mathis
bond seems to gain the upper hand
deducing la chaffer's tell
obano ambushes leche for but allows him
to continue playing to win back the
money
obama's bodyguard spot spawned and
vesper
but bond kills him and obama both after
comforting a traumatized vesper
bond loses his stake because lichifer
has been tipped off about his own tell
vesper refuses to cover the five million
dollars ribeye
but fellow player felix lighter a cia
agent
agrees to stake bond enough money to
continue in exchange for taking let
jeffer into american custody
le chaffer's lover valencia poison
spawns martini with digitalis
retrieving an antidote and defibrillator
from his aston martin dbs v12
bond passes out but vesper rescues him
bond returns to the game which
culminates in a 115 million dollars hand
that bond wins with a straight flush
apparently tipped off by mathis licha
for kidnaps vesper and uses her to trap
bond
lichifer brings the captives to an
abandoned ship and tortures bond to
reveal the account number and password
to the winnings
but bond refuses mr white bursts in and
kills leche fres punishment for
betraying the trust of his organization
by gambling with their money
leaving bond and vesper alive bond
awakens in an mi6 hospital
and has mathis arrested as a traitor
after transferring the winnings
bond spends time recovering with vesper
at his side and the two fall in love
he resigns from mi6 and they run away to
venice
when m reveals the money was never
deposited bond realizes vesper has
betrayed him
he follows her to a hand off of the
money where gunmen take her captive as
soon as they spot him
bond shoots the building's floatation
devices
causing the foundation to sink into the
grand canal
he kills the gunman but vesper is
imprisoned in an
elevator plunging into the rising water
seeing bond wishes to rescue her
she locks the door indicating he should
save himself
bond is unable to free vesper before she
drowns
mr white escapes with the money emin
forms bond the organization behind le
chifron one
threatened to kill vespers lover unless
she became a double agent
when bond coldly renounces vesper as a
traitor
saying the [ __ ] is dead m deduces that
she likely made a deal later with
white trading the money for bonds life
bond returns to service
realizing vesper left her phone to help
him he checks the contacts and locates
mr white at an estate in lake como
shooting him in the leg 007 introduces
himself
the names bond the names bone james bond
james bond